README.md, before:

# Vino-Di-Stella


## Overview
Vino-Di-Stella is an e-commerce application allowing users to explore
some of the most purest and high quality italian wines created and 
bottled in Italy. Shoppers are able to browse wine, add items to their
cart and adjust quantity as desired. Shoppers may also login and create
an account. However, the user profile page is being updated at this time.
***Disclaimer: Vino-Di-Stella is a fictional company and this website
exist only as an experimental e-commerce site. 


![Landing Page](/screenshots/landingPage.png)

![Shopping Page](/screenshots/shopWine.png)

![Cart](/screenshots/cart.png)


## Technologies Used

- React.js
- Redux
- React-Bootstrap
- Node.js
- Express.js 
- Sequelize
- bcrypt.js


<!-- ## Usage

```python

# Clone these repositories
$ git clone https://github.com/ste-lla/react-capstone-app.git
$ git clone https://github.com/ste-lla/my-capstone-express.git

# Go into each repository
$ cd react-capstone-app
$ cd my-capstone-express

#Install dependencies (Be sure Node.js is installed on your machine)
$ npm install

# Run both apps
$ npm start
```


## Contributing
There are several improvements that can be made to this app. Feel free to find an area for improvement or something that can be added and contribute your ideas!

Find Node/Express.js Repository for this project [here](https://github.com/ste-lla/my-capstone-express)

1. Clone repo and create a new branch 
2. Make your desired changes and test them
3. Submit a Pull Request with a description of the changes made

## License

[MIT](/LICENSE) -->

Commit message:

updated landingPg pic, changed company name, improved responsive on all widths, added favicon

README.md, after:

# Glass Gem


## Overview
Glass Gem is an e-commerce website allowing users to explore
(fictional) italian wines. Shoppers are able to browse wine, 
add items to their cart and adjust quantity as desired. 
Shoppers may also create an account and login with their email and 
password. Passwords are secured with bcrypt and stored in a database
along with user email using PostgreSQL and pgAdmin.


![Landing Page](/screenshots/landingPage.png)

![Home](/screenshots/homePage.png)

![Shopping Page](/screenshots/shopWine.png)



## Technologies Used

- React.js
- Redux
- React-Bootstrap
- Node.js
- PostgreSQL
- Express.js 
- Sequelize
- bcrypt.js


<!-- ## Usage

```python

# Clone these repositories
$ git clone https://github.com/ste-lla/react-capstone-app.git
$ git clone https://github.com/ste-lla/my-capstone-express.git

# Go into each repository
$ cd react-capstone-app
$ cd my-capstone-express

#Install dependencies (Be sure Node.js is installed on your machine)
$ npm install

# Run both apps
$ npm start
```


## Contributing
There are several improvements that can be made to this app. Feel free to find an area for improvement or something that can be added and contribute your ideas!

Find Node/Express.js Repository for this project [here](https://github.com/ste-lla/my-capstone-express)

1. Clone repo and create a new branch 
2. Make your desired changes and test them
3. Submit a Pull Request with a description of the changes made

## License

[MIT](/LICENSE) -->
